thank you for visiting our Channel today
I came out to show you guys how you can
install AG add-ons that will bring you
the TV
desi zone new look from fusion each TTP
server if you do not have HTTP server on
your XBMC link go to be available in the
bottom of this video for the rest of you
guys this is for all platforms just
follow along use your remote control and
select system in in scroll down and
select settings scroll down and select
add-ons scroll down and select install
from zip file once this part comes up I
assume that you already have and
defusion HTTP server already added to
your XBMC you have to select it once
this part comes up you have to scroll
down till you find the folder says world
select it and we have to scroll down and
select Indian the second one on the list
says repository dot AG add-on minus sign
or - XBMC dot latest dot zip that's the
one you need to select takes couple of
seconds you will see it in the bottom
right hand side that says has been
enabled once this part is done we are
not done yet
you have to scroll up in select get
add-ons and then scroll down one time
and you will have it on your list saying
AG add-ons select that and once you
select you will see nothing in the box
just get back out one time and use your
remote if you're on Apple TV - or an
Android devices press menu one time and
click on check for update and we read a
few seconds and then we will just try to
click it open once you go in this is
what you're going to see you have to go
under add-on repository and select it
the first one that comes on the list
it says AG add-ons new look and that's
the one we're going to select and
install once you enabled the
look we will go down and uninstall the
regular version and we're going to say
yes takes couple of seconds for it to
just disappear from here
once that's done press skip one time and
now you only have the AG add-ons new
look available but when you go to it
there's nothing inside so for that we
need to use our remote now if you're an
apple tv2 or an Android you can use your
remotes manual button press at one time
and you should see check for updates we
will click on it and give it about a
minute for it to go true once you go
inside it says add repository the second
one says video add-ons scroll down and
select video add-ons then scroll down
and select TV on DC's zone select it
once this part comes up just click on
install it will take couple of seconds
for it to go true you should see it that
well it is downloading it will see
unable there we go and now at the bottom
it says add-on is enabled so you will
just press home to totally get out and
go back to main menu we will scroll over
to video we will select add-ons and its
first thing on the list says TV desi
zone and when you click it here comes
the new load and yes it takes couple of
seconds for first time to load but they
have changed a lot and I know that this
change is on a good way we're just going
to wait till this is loaded so again now
to bore you guys I will fast forward the
scene and there you go once it comes up
this is what you're going to see so now
you can scroll over and go over your TV
shows on the man now you can scroll over
and you can use the TV's on the man for
all your favorite TV shows from India
and you can take advantage of it so as
an example one of my favorite TV shows
is here and this is how it's going to
load so in the bottom you will get it
and then D TV episodes
on the site so that's it so today I came
out to show you guys how you can install
AG add-on which brings you TV desi zone
from fusion HTTP servers so I hope you
guys like my video if you do like it
click to click the like button subscribe
button on a table comment in the bottom
always remember to visit our own website
which is exit external info the like us
on facebook follow us on twitter in
other social networking places and thank
you